I don't agree, I know you are trying to save me,
I'm not afraid of death.
You are not afraid of death. Wait, do you have joint training?
I understand. If I want to practice together, it won’t take any effort for you and my daughter to do it together.
I give up my fantasy, because you dare to bully my daughter,
The noble boy cut off one of his hands,
Then get out and you will not die.
Mom, you are so crazy, do you know who Honest is?
It depends on the difficulty
Is there any way
Do you think you can't afford two bad relationships?
How dare you talk to us in this tone?
It seems that I have to let him know this kind of three-flower stick.
Then I'll hurt you first. It's easy.
Do you dare to run?